# Contributing to Eclipse Theia C/C++ Extensions

This repository is the home to Theia's C/C++ extensions.

See Theia's main repository to get more information about the IDE:
https://github.com/eclipse/theia

## How Can I Contribute?

In the following some of the typical ways of contribution are described.

### Asking Questions

It's totally fine to ask questions by opening an issue in the Theia GitHub
repository. We will close it once it's answered and tag it with the 'question'
label. Please check if the question has been asked before there or on [Stack
Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com).

### Reporting Bugs

If you have found a bug, you should first check if it has already been filed
and maybe even fixed. If you find an existing unresolved issue, please add your
case. If you could not find an existing bug report, please file a new one. In
any case, please add all information you can share and that will help to
reproduce and solve the problem.

### Reporting Feature Requests

You may want to see a feature or have an idea. You can file a request and we
can discuss it.  If such a feature request already exists, please add a comment
or some other form of feedback to indicate you are interested too. Also in this
case any concrete use case scenario is appreciated to understand the motivation
behind it.

### Pull Requests

Before you get started investing significant time in something you want to get
merged and maintained as part of Theia, you should talk with the team through
an issue. Simply choose the issue you would want to work on, and tell everyone
that you are willing to do so and how you would approach it. The team will be
happy to guide you and give feedback.

## Coding Guidelines

We follow the coding guidelines described
[here](https://github.com/eclipse/theia/wiki/Coding-Guidelines).

## Eclipse Contributor Agreement

Before your contribution can be accepted by the project team contributors must
electronically sign the Eclipse Contributor Agreement (ECA).

* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/ECA.php

Commits that are provided by non-committers must have a Signed-off-by field in
the footer indicating that the author is aware of the terms by which the
contribution has been provided to the project. The non-committer must
additionally have an Eclipse Foundation account and must have a signed Eclipse
Contributor Agreement (ECA) on file.

For more information, please see the Eclipse Committer Handbook:
https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#resources-commit

## Sign your work

The sign-off is a simple line at the end of the explanation for the patch. Your
signature certifies that you wrote the patch or otherwise have the right to
pass it on as an open-source patch.

    Signed-off-by: Joe Smith <joe.smith@email.com>

Use your real name (sorry, no pseudonyms or anonymous contributions.)

If you set your `user.name` and `user.email` git configs, you can sign your
commit automatically with `git commit -s`.
