# Notices for Eclipse Theia - Cpp Extension

This content is produced and maintained by the Eclipse Theia project.

* Project home: https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/ecd.theia

## Copyright

All content is the property of the respective authors or their employers. For
more information regarding authorship of content, please consult the listed
source code repository logs.

## Declared Project Licenses

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the terms
of the Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 which is available at
http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0. This Source Code may also be made
available under the following Secondary Licenses when the conditions for such
availability set forth in the Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU
General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception which is
available at https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR GPL-2.0 WITH Classpath-exception-2.0

## Third-party Content

See overall third-party content notices in the main repository at 
https://github.com/theia-ide/theia/blob/master/NOTICE.md#third-party-content

## Cryptography

Content may contain encryption software. The country in which you are currently
may have restrictions on the import, possession, and use, and/or re-export to
another country, of encryption software. BEFORE using any encryption software,
please check the country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import,
possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is
permitted.

## Electron

NOTICE:

Please note Electron combines Chromium and Node.js into a single runtime. 
While Electron, Chromium and Node.js are generally licensed under very
permissive MIT and BSD-3-Clause licenses, both Electron and Chromium distribute
FFmpeg.  While FFmpeg is under the LGPL-2.1-or-later license it incorporates
several optional parts and optimizations that are covered by the
GPL-2.0-or-later.  We understand both Electron and Chromium do not distribute
versions of FFmpeg with GPL content enabled; however, FFmpeg may be configured
enabled to work with proprietary codecs.  It is our understanding these
proprietary codecs may be patented; and as a result, may be subject to
licensing fees.

We strongly recommend downstream consumers verify the type of FFmpeg support
configured and modify as required.  More information on instructions to verify
can be found here
https://electronjs.org/docs/development/upgrading-chromium#verify-ffmpeg-support
